[Music]
I've just been sent
a statement that
Vanessa Martin just published and with your permission I'm going
to read it. She just sent it to me, she just
published it. Good afternoon everyone, the reason
for this statement is none other than
my desperation, seeing how
everyone offers me their platform and their voice,
but when it comes down to it, no one
follows through. It's not a matter of politics,
but of humanity. The Minister of
Equality has turned a deaf ear to my
pleas, and the President of the Community
of Madrid, my community, is exactly the
same. I addressed her on
December 29th, she received my letter, I know that she
read the document, that she knows what happened,
and I have not received any acknowledgment or
response. In what country do we live?
Where is the support for the victims? I
can't take it anymore, maybe I'll fall by the wayside,
but as long as I have a minimum of strength, I
'm going to see it through. I understand
everyone, I understand and respect all
the doubts, but I also want to tell you that
as soon as they give me the opportunity, I will be able to
clarify. I am suffering from permanent anxiety attacks,
fully medicated, but
I want to stop fighting, I don't want my name to be
heard when  I'm no longer here I'm going to
fight I fight for injustices
I fight for everything that seems like an
aberration to me and that's why I fight for
Alejandra for Kira's family for
Morenos Flores' family because I've
seen what's seen I can't change the
order and for everyone who
needs it without stopping fighting for myself I think
Antonio David has put us at the
mercy now Telecinco is going to
have an audience it doesn't deserve and
all because he doesn't think with his
head because he doesn't value the great
woman and family he has what's
happening to him the truth is I don't believe in anything and I believe less and
less in humanity
juanjo blog now starts slandering before
the vine when on Sunday I was
delighted to be on your channel and what will it
be we are living all those who have
apparently given me a voice on a
public level it has been a lie I see myself mute
again I see myself crushed and once again
and I consider myself mutilated 20 years later
because to the people who say they don't
understand me because justice has ruled in my
favor they do
n't know what I want now I tell them
I want media justice to be done I
want it to exist  freedom of
expression
I want to turn the pages without this gentleman
PN defaming me wherever and whenever they want I
want to be free I want to live in the country
that they tell us we have and I want us to
stop being numbers both
politically and journalistically from
here I address you directly to Federico
Jiménez Losantos thank you for offering me
your platform thank you for defending me
thank you for supporting me and respecting me the
way you have done until
today now I am the one who feels indebted
and I want to offer myself from here the way you have
done until today
now I am the one who feels indebted
sorry that the photos duplicated you read in
public to give my first words
on your program I hope and trust that your
offer remains standing without further ado and
thank you all for your time
I say that I will not disappoint that I will
demonstrate everything I say that I will contribute
in all the necessary information for you, oh
that with me you do not have to look for the
double bottom or spurious interests because it does
not exist thank you for sharing and
spreading
hair, for my part I
contacted her privately I understand that
I am a small channel and  that he didn't
even read it, he answered me, I
want you too, Javi, I don't know if you
too, no, no, I don't remember if I
ever offered him my channel to come, it
's that after this, a problem arises, but I think he
could only confirm, I think there were
channels that continue, I think there were
channels that, to the degree that
this happens, a problem is that Pepe
Navarro is such a person,
in an aquarium, with nothing to say, he
gets you with two million, of what I heard,
fixed that, Pepe Navarro sues you and
when he sues you, in addition, every time he
sues, he does the same thing when he sues you, he
asks for two million euros, what
happens is that it costs you, the lawyer, to
defend yourself, the lawyer, the costs of the
trial of filing a civil lawsuit, that
people may not understand
why you can position that money
and it's good that you sue for whatever you want and
yes, we have evidence and we have sentences, there is no way, it's
not that easy
when they sue you for civil proceedings,
civil lawsuits are always admitted for
processing with him, in exchange, expand a
lawsuit against me, okay, when they
send you for civil proceedings, they put it on you, what
happens is that the defendant  It
also costs them things depending on what they are
asking for. If they ask you for two
million euros, you first of all, the years
that you are fighting, which is a lot because
that takes a couple of years, a trial or one, the
hearing, you appeal to the
provincial court, then you appeal. If you go to the
supreme court, I have 78 years to wait
and
you have to be spending the
money. If they are suing you for 2
million euros, you have to be
spending, I don't know how much the
proportional amount will be, but a little that you
will later recover because you have to pay,
until later you will end up recovering it,
yes, but in principle, if you don't have it, it
screws up your life. If you have one,
while he
can flex an interview,
Mr. Federico and father, obviously,
as he himself has said, a newspaper, but I
know that there are channels that if they
leave, he has offered to take a risk, such as, I don't
know if he will offer it to him because with those
things, because I know how it works and I already have
enough, well, I said, look, what do I
need, I have someone else to do it and I will
comment on it at the end and let's see why I am going
to comment on the interview that I did with
another you understand me
but if justice and reason are seen by
people who don't understand it it doesn't matter the
lawsuit is filed and Pepe Navarro doesn't give a damn about
supporting you then paying the costs he doesn't give a damn
but it amuses me
that Carrera had a curious little money
that maybe he's not afraid he's
saying privately there are several channels
that he selected but not only it's that
several channels that were offered it's that there are
programs that I think it
was also Diego's that I think he
offered him yes yes yes he
knows and well he has criticized water or because he
is giving it look lady,
another world told you that at the time that we
still play, let's go that those who criticize now
that he has dedicated his whole life to it and the
issue of
the other one who has said that we are
giving him an audience the television factory
that Antonio had left leaves us at the
feet of the horses
one thing has nothing to do with the other I don't believe that what there is
we YouTube
says I understand it is that here to understand
that as Antonio David in the end has done
things wrong and has just ended up in a bad way like
now the factory of the is that of course
that Antonio David I truly feel I've seen that
we're going to be honest and show our faces, he's
going to prove the whole TV factory right, I do
n't know if I'm explaining myself,
yes, he totally
recognizes things as I said
before and for example Enrique, the
same as he did with the
posters, Maria Patiño, the silence, of course, that
in the end he made that in the end he will
lose credibility so to
gain that credibility and Flores has to
come out and tell the truth today, in fact,
Rock has made a mistake, I'm here to demonstrate
the error, okay, because we are people and
that way he will gain credibility. Now if you go off
on a tangent again,
the mind of one thing is above all, I
give you an example, Javier, and you were one of
the pioneers of the Blue Tide, you
created the Blue Tide to defend the
harassment that is being received,
but he wants to be one of the leading
thinkers because you are one of those who
has the most visits, many, yes, tomorrow, I mean, I'll
give you an example, if tomorrow Antonio
Avilés is unfaithful to a brand, risk, to me
sincerely, it doesn't matter to me,
I'm not disappointed in the habit that I
sleep the same and violence the same
if you tell me if you  you tell me
privately pedro I talk to between
davis eating in malaga she has already
told me that she is in love with olga and they are
together then I tell you javi I understand your
disappointment but that you nothing I
see a gesture of complicity stopped being
25 it is clear that there is a gesture of
complicity but the marriage was
already broken in the demonstration what they
had to do the charade one entered
here and others through here because there were
a lot of people you know what I'm
telling you javi that you are going to continue
making videos in favor of david now
my life my success and this is something that is in
his life forces you to move to
lie about me I liked him a lot now
when I met him I really liked his
way that always on television as
friends as much as I like yes now he
is a colleague not in my private life
what more between them you want that no me
to see being selfish in my life remains the
same it affects my life but yes it is
true that he disappoints me in the sense that the
[ __ ] is breaking our faces
because there has been a lot of lying about him and
now he was doing it is  also the flame
sees that you do this at other times
in your life that it catches you distracted that it
catches you off guard okay but with the
balls we've had all year that I didn't
know where to go you've done it
completely imagine that you
get into the situation that you meet
someone you love starts an
affair with her and she pays you by being in
the media that escrache you don't say
anything
but
what I was saying knows before that
before leaving initial escrache I
think he already had something with her
and he really believes that Vanessa hasn't been
able to speak in any media
I think that either she offered everything is that she
sells out that here in that case there are things
that don't add up to me in the sense that
what she's asking for is not what I think I think she
wants one Saturday
of light
and I understand
in the end she's going to be sued again she
needs to have money to assume I
understand that she wants to be where he has been
and will be there because the place with the
most cache of prestige when it comes to being
seen with the greatest impact let's
put it like that it surprises me I am surprised that
no media has offered to speak to him
because he wouldn't be in front of the factory
that's clear but no media
offered it to him I think it will be a magazine
YouTube channels the big one I
say I remember half the suburb
offered it
to some
with them two they would have taken over the
digital media surely some
chain maybe does
something because for not accepting nor gave
war okay to juanjo thanks but there
isn't a movement also to say
we are fed up with Vanessa
because it seems that she also likes to stick her
snout everywhere we
have mt
Antonio site the sentence
the sentence
said when she is ready because I
understand she gave me to understand that she had
told her no in private when she is
ready here they have her channel to
agree it is that it surprises me that she hasn't
had the opportunity that
20 years later it still hurts her that or
rather it makes it clear that a person what
happened to her 20 years ago and it was very cruel
that there are only hostages for life
marked and such and you
are always asking and they have given you
several people and in the end it does not affect you
and tell you
then because you don't want because you
are looking for a means of  larger diffusion
as in this case it may be the
Saturday of light
[Music]
and